feat(git): Add gitNoVerify option (#9676)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/self-hosted-configuration.md

**Note** We strongly recommend that the Git author email you use is unique to Renovate.
Otherwise, if another bot or human shares the same email and pushes to one of Renovate's branches then Renovate will mistake the branch as unmodified and potentially force push over the changes.

## gitNoVerify

> Controls when Renovate passes the `--no-verify` flag to `git`. The flag can be passed to `git commit` and/or `git push`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Controls when Renovate passes the `--no-verify` flag to `git`.
The flag can be passed to `git commit` and/or `git push`.
```

Reviewer: Use one sentence per line.

> Please refer to the documentation for [git commit](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-commit#Documentation/git-commit.txt---no-verify)
> and [git push](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-push#Documentation/git-push.txt---no-verify) to see exactly what this flag does.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the documentation for [git commit --no-verify](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-commit#Documentation/git-commit.txt---no-verify) and [git push --no-verify](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-push#Documentation/git-push.txt---no-verify) to learn exactly what each flag does.
```

- Rewrite sentence a bit
- Put sentence on one line
- Put long command options in link name

> Read the documentation for [git commit --no-verify](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-commit#Documentation/git-commit.txt---no-verify) and [git push --no-verify](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-push#Documentation/git-push.txt---no-verify) to learn exactly what each flag does.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the documentation for [git commit --no-verify](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-commit#Documentation/git-commit.txt---no-verify) and [git push --no-verify](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-push#Documentation/git-push.txt---no-verify) to learn exactly what each flag does.
To learn more about Git hooks, read the [Pro Git 2 book, section on Git Hooks](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Customizing-Git-Git-Hooks).
```

We could add a link to the ProGit 2 book that's hosted on `git-scm.com` and point to the chapter on Git Hooks.

Author: Yeah sure, works with me!

**Note** We strongly recommend that the Git author email you use is unique to Renovate.
Otherwise, if another bot or human shares the same email and pushes to one of Renovate's branches then Renovate will mistake the branch as unmodified and potentially force push over the changes.

## gitNoVerify

> 

Reviewer 2: Maybe write a short note?
